Update freebsd.md (#9116)
netdata/netdata: packaging/installer/methods/freebsd.md

custom_edit_url: https://github.com/netdata/netdata/edit/master/packaging/installer/methods/freebsd.md
---
-->

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43221193/82707320-3776b800-9c52-11ea-9b8b-9ff4b1d1d9ac.png)

Reviewer: Please remove this image.

```suggestion
```

> # Install Netdata on FreeBSD ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1153921/76029787-5fc40580-5ef2-11ea-9461-23e9049aa8f8.png)

Reviewer: Removing this image as well.

```suggestion
# Install Netdata on FreeBSD
```

> # Netdata ![](https://registry.my-netdata.io/api/v1/badge.svg?chart=web_log_nginx.requests_per_url&options=unaligned&dimensions=kickstart&group=sum&after=-3600&label=last+hour&units=installations&value_color=orange&precision=0) ![](https://registry.my-netdata.io/api/v1/badge.svg?chart=web_log_nginx.requests_per_url&options=unaligned&dimensions=kickstart&group=sum&after=-86400&label=today&units=installations&precision=0)

Reviewer: Please remove these badges, since they count kickstart installations, not FreeBSD.

```suggestion
```

## Install latest version
This is how to install the latest Netdata version on FreeBSD:

Install required packages (**need root permission**):

```sh
pkg install bash e2fsprogs-libuuid git curl autoconf automake pkgconf pidof Judy liblz4 libuv json-c cmake
```

Download Netdata:

```sh
fetch https://github.com/netdata/netdata/releases/download/v1.22.1/netdata-v1.22.1.tar.gz
```

Unzip the downloaded file:

```sh
gunzip netdata*.tar.gz && tar xf netdata*.tar && rm -rf netdata*.tar
```

> Install Netdata in `/opt/netdata`, if you want to enable automatic updates, add `--auto-update` or `-u` for install netdata-updater in `cron` (**need root permission**):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Netdata in `/opt/netdata`. If you want to enable automatic updates, add `--auto-update` or `-u` to install `netdata-updater` in `cron` (**need root permission**):
```

```sh
cd netdata-v* && ./netdata-installer.sh --install /opt && cp /opt/netdata/usr/sbin/netdata-claim.sh /usr/sbin/
```

> You also need to enable the netdata service in `/etc/rc.conf`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to enable the `netdata` service in `/etc/rc.conf`:
```

```sh
sysrc netdata_enable="YES"
```

Finally, and very importantly, update Netdata using the script provided by the Netdata team (**need root permission**):

```sh
cd /opt/netdata/usr/libexec/netdata/ && ./netdata-updater.sh
```

> All set, we can now access the Netdata Web Interface. Ex: `http://server.ip:19999`
> 
> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2662304/48304090-fd384080-e51b-11e8-80ae-eecb03118dda.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now access the Netdata dashboard by navigating to `http://NODE:19999`, replacing `NODE` with the IP address or hostname of your system.
```

From Netdata v1.12 and above, anonymous usage information is collected by default and sent to Google Analytics. To read
more about the information collected and how to opt-out, check the [anonymous statistics
page](/docs/anonymous-statistics.md).

> # Important

Reviewer: Please remove the `# Important`. We should have more than a single h1 `#` on a page, and the **Updating the Agent on FreeBSD** text is sufficient.

```sh
# pkg install netdata
```

> You also need to enable the netdata service in `/etc/rc.conf` and start the service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to enable the `netdata` service in `/etc/rc.conf` and start the service:
```

```sh
# sysrc netdata_enable="YES" && service netdata start
```

## Install latest version
This is how to install the latest Netdata version from source on FreeBSD:

Install required packages (need root permission)
```sh
# pkg install bash e2fsprogs-libuuid git curl autoconf automake pkgconf pidof Judy liblz4 libuv json-c cmake
```

Download Netdata
```sh
# git clone https://github.com/netdata/netdata.git --depth=100 && cd netdata
```

> Install Netdata in /opt/netdata (need root permission)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Netdata in `/opt/netdata` (need root permission):
```

```sh
# ./netdata-installer.sh --install /opt
```

Now we will include the flag that will make Netdata boot with FreeBSD, whenever you turn on or restart your computer (need root permission):
```sh
# sysrc netdata_enable="YES"
```

Finally, and very importantly, update Netdata using the script provided by the Netdata team (need root permission):
```sh
# cd /opt/netdata/usr/libexec/netdata/ && ./netdata-updater.sh
```

> # Important

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Updating the Agent on FreeBSD

```

> Whenever you have an update available from Netdata, repeat the last step to update Netdata; the netdata-updater.sh script will update. For now, this is the way that the Netdata team offers to make Netdata updates, whenever there is a new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repeat the last step to update Netdata whenever a new version becomes available. The `netdata-updater.sh` script will update your Agent. For now, this is the way that the Netdata team offers to update the Agent when there is a new version.
```
